SCRUM
-Agille, traditional, differents characteristc for both methods 

basic concepts to chalenges to development, product owner po, dev team, cerimony of scrum (date smithing, sprit review, retrospective, time box)
challenger, process of development, concept, analisys design, development, teste and implatation 
just 20% are using at all of some software, 
traditiona, waterfall, if all requisites, when the design were done we implamantations, 
when finish the developmente after go to the product and some team operate the system, // a lot of months, so when we discuss about design and etc not everyone knows what you want. 
agille: software are construted by a part for implatation: the software are divide by months, and cycle of interactions, so happens like requisites, analysis, construct, teste, liberations,
traditional:   in the begin, controls by fases and marks, resistenece to changes, define the date to finish the project. 
agille: adaptations, escopo defined by along of project, control the function, we can see the software in the begin, changes according the feedback.
waterfall have some risk cause yu find the wrong way after a long time after. and scrum you can find something wrong after 30 days. 
agille is different from fast. changes, do complex things with a symple way, more value for the client, comprmisse with the client. 
scrum is a frameworks to manager the agille project. project using by little team, and multidiscpline to producer better results. 
transparent, adaptation, inspections. talk a lot and write less. show the software and feedbacks, changes a long of the time, respond progressive with the use of software. check everytime, 
tags less with 2 for 4 weeks with the feedbacks, manager the risks reduce the unsure. motivations, meeting, more value for the business e the backlog, user involves during the cicle, applications of lessons learning, better everytime. 
 why startup using framework agill: minimun viable project. MVP 
 to the user, can use the software and the feedback we evolute the project. 
 
 characteristic for the project agille:
 part defined for long of project
 - important part of scrum: adaptation, transparency, and inspection
 
